Mudlib *fluid*
***************

Documentation for the fluid mudlib in */std/fluid.c*.

Functions
=========
.. c:function:: void set_default_container(string def)

Defines container into which fluid will be put by a vendor selling it


.. c:function:: string query_default_container()

Returns container into which fluid will be put by a vendor selling it


.. c:function:: void set_puddle_name(string x)

void set_puddle_name( string x )
'x' is set as the proper name
of this object when it is outside
of a container. Defaults to
'the <puddle_id> of <primary_name>'


.. c:function:: void set_puddle_id(string x)

void set_puddle_id( x )
adds id 'x' when the fluid is
outside of a container.


.. c:function:: varargs void set_evaporate_action(mixed x)

set_evaporate_action( mixed x )
'x' is optional.
Calling this function with no arguments
will cause the fluid to evaporate when
outside of a container.
x can be a string that is output to the
environment as the fluid evaporate_puddle
function is called.
x as a function will be evaluated when
the fluid is moved outside of a container.
Do not call this function if the fluid
is not to evaporate.


.. c:function:: void set_pour_action(mixed x)

void set_pour_action( mixed x )
'x' is a simple action string or
a function that is evaluated whenever
this fluid is poured.  x may contain
$o to represent the fluid itself.


.. c:function:: int fill_action(object vessel)

fill_action(container)
This function is called by the container
in the fluid just before it fills the container.
The container passes itself as an argument.
This function must return a 1 for the filling
to continue.  This gives the fluid itself
an opportunity to halt the filling action.



*File generated by Lima 1.1a3 reStructured Text daemon.*
