Mudlib *hooks*
***************

Documentation for the object-hooks functions for the mudlib in */std/object/hooks.c*.

Module Information
==================


The hook module is included as part of OBJECT, and allows a general method
of allowing keeping track of and calling hooks, along with a method if
specifying how multiple hooks should be resolved.

Functions
=========
.. c:function:: void add_hook(string tag, function hook)

add_hook(string tag, function hook) sets up the function 'hook' to be
called whenever call_hooks(tag, ...) is done.  Note that if you want
to remove the tag later, you have to do so with the _exact_ same function
pointer.

e.g.

function my_hook = (: my_hook_func :);

 add_hook("foo", my_hook);

 remove_hook("foo", my_hook);



.. c:function:: void remove_hook(string tag, function hook)


Remove a hook added with add_hook.  The function pointer passed must be
the same one that was passed to add_hook.

see: add_hook


.. c:function:: void hook_state(string tag, mixed hook, int state)


hook_state(tag, hook, state) Either add or remove a hook based on the
state 'state'


.. c:function:: varargs mixed call_hooks(string tag, mixed func, mixed start, mixed *args...)


Call a set of hooks, with the specified method for resolving multiple
hooks.  A setting from /include/hooks.h can be used, or a function pointer
which is appropriate for implode()ing with the return values.

E.g.

call_hooks("foo", (: $1 + $2 :), 2) will return 2 + the sum of the return
    values of the hooks

but 2 + call_hooks("foo", HOOK_SUM) is faster.

see: implode
see: add_hook



*File generated by Lima 1.1a3 reStructured Text daemon.*
