Mudlib *book*
**************

Documentation for the std-book functions for the mudlib in */std/book.c*.

.. c:function:: void set_pages(mixed *page_data...)

Set the pages that are in the book.  Each element of the array is the text
that appears on the page.  The elements can be either the text that is on the
page, a filename, or a function pointer that generates one of these.


.. c:function:: void add_pages(string *page_data...)

Add pages to the existing pages of the book.
See set_pages()


.. c:function:: void remove_pages(mixed *pagenum...)

Remove pages from the existing pages of the book.
The arguments passed to remove_pages() are the page numbers to be removed.
See set_pages()


.. c:function:: string *list_pages()

Return all of the pages in the book in an array.


.. c:function:: string query_page(int pagenum)

Return the contents of the page specified.


.. c:function:: void set_contents(mapping new_contents)

Set the contents of the book.  The contents are a mapping with the section
heading as the key and the page it starts with as the value (a string).


.. c:function:: void add_contents(mapping additions)

Add additional contents to the existing contents.
See set_contents


.. c:function:: void remove_contents(string *headings...)

Remove contents from the existing contents
See set_contents()


.. c:function:: string query_content_page(string heading)

Return the page number of the contents heading


.. c:function:: mapping list_contents()

Return the mapping of contents


.. c:function:: void set_title(string new_title)

Set the title of the book.


.. c:function:: string query_title()

Return the title of the book.


.. c:function:: void set_author(string who)

Set the author of the book


.. c:function:: string query_author()

Return the author of the book


.. c:function:: int is_book()

Return whether or not the object is a book.



*File generated by Lima 1.1a4 reStructured Text daemon.*
