Mudlib *object*
****************

Documentation for the std-object functions for the mudlib in */std/object.c*.

Functions
=========
.. c:function:: string stat_me()

return some debugging info about the state of the object


.. c:function:: void setup(mixed *args...)

This function is overloaded by area implementors.  Nothing in
the mudlib proper should override this.  Further, nothing should
ever go into this function.  This allows an area implementor to
simply respond to setup() and not worry about inheriting the
function call.


.. c:function:: void mudlib_setup(mixed *args...)

This function is overloaded by all mudlib objects deriving from
this class.  They should inherit as necessary.  The intention of
overriding this instead of create() to is ensure that the mudlib
initialization completes _before_ the call to the area coder's
setup() function.  Specifically, the mudlib objects need to
initialize defaults that will then be changed by the setup() call.
Note that if the mudlib object overrode create(), then its init
code would occur _after_ the area coder's setup() and possibly
blow away some of their settings.


.. c:function:: void restore_to_game()

Called after players log in with a object and it has been fully
loaded. This can be overriden like:
void restore_to_game()
{
   ::restore_to_game();
   (Your code here)
   ...
}

This is only valid #ifdef EVERYTHING_SAVES.


.. c:function:: int do_not_restore()

Called by M_SAVE to check if the object should be restored at all.
Some objects may be cloned in setup(), and should not be restored
at save since this would cause item duplication.



*File generated by Lima 1.1a4 reStructured Text daemon.*
