Mudlib *std_base_room*
***********************

Documentation for the std_base_room functions for the mudlib in */std/base_room.c*.

Functions
=========
.. c:function:: string stat_me()

Returns some debugging info about the object.  Shows the container info,
as well as the short and exits.


.. c:function:: void set_combat_forbidden(int x)

void set_combat_forbidden(int x)
Use set_combat_forbidden(1) to prevent combat in the room.


.. c:function:: int query_combat_forbidden()

void query_combat_forbidden(int x)
Returns 1 if combat is forbidden or 0 if it's allowed.


.. c:function:: void set_brief(string str)

Set the name of the room seen at the top of the description and in brief mode


.. c:function:: int can_hold_water()

Return 1 if the object can hold water.


.. c:function:: void set_area(string *names...)

Used by m_wander to prevent monsters from wandering to far.
Can either be a string, or an array of strings


.. c:function:: string *query_area()

Find out what 'areas' the room belongs to.  See set_area.


.. c:function:: string long_without_object(object o)

This is used by things like furniture, so the furniture can use the
same long as the room, but not see itself in the description.


.. c:function:: void set_smell(string str)

Set what the room smells like.


.. c:function:: varargs void set_room_chat(mixed chat, int interval, int chance)

Sets random chats for a room along with an interval in seconds,
and a % chance the chat will be shown (default 20). The chat
argument can either be a string, an array of strings or a function
that will be evaluated to create a string.
The call_out() in the room is only called if players are in the room,
so using this will be okay even for many rooms.



*File generated by Lima 1.1a3 reStructured Text daemon.*
