Mudlib *std_door*
******************

Documentation for the std_door functions for the mudlib in */std/door.c*.

Functions
=========
.. c:function:: void update_state(object ob)

Internal use function.
Update the state of both this door and its sibling.


.. c:function:: void update_sibling()

After a door is opened or closed, this is called, and in turn calls
do_on_open/close() in the door and its sibling.
See also m_sibling::update_sibling()


.. c:function:: void do_on_close()

Called when the door is closed.


.. c:function:: void set_door_direction(string direction)

Set the direction name the door uses.  This is also the name of the
resulting exit.


.. c:function:: void set_door_destination(mixed dest)

Set the destination of the exit that the door covers. The destination can be
anything M_COMPLEX_EXIT::set_method()'s destination argument will accept


.. c:function:: mixed query_door_destination()

Return the destination of the door


.. c:function:: void setup_exits(string dir, string room)

Set the name of the direction and the location to which the door's exit
will lead.
DEPRICATED! -- Use set_door_destination() and set_door_description()
               instead.


.. c:function:: void setup_door(string ident, string dir, string room)

Set up the key parts of the door.
The first argument is the string to which the door responds and should
match its sibling, the second argument is the direction of the exit the
door covers, and the third argument is the object to which the exit leads.
This should be called only once, from setup().
DEPRECATED! -- Use set_door_destination, set_door_direction(), and
               set_sibling_ident() instead.



*File generated by Lima 1.1a3 reStructured Text daemon.*
