********************
Mudlib *test_suite*
********************

Documentation for the test_suite mudlib in */std/test_suite.c*.

Module Information
==================

This file should be inherited by test suites, typically all located in */std/tests/*. It provides a lot of functions
for queueing up tests, running them and various functions for cloning and testing the results.

To write a test inherit this file, and write a function:

.. code-block:: c

   inherit TEST_SUITE;

   void my_test()
   {
      return 1;
   }

   void init_tests()
   {
      add_test_true("Some test",(: my_test:));
   }

If you use ``add_test_true()`` the function succeeds if it returns 1, and fails on 1.
If you use ``add_test_fail()``, quite the opposite. This allows both to assume something fails
and something succeeds.

The test can be run by doing:

   ``unittest mytest``

If you file is called */std/tests/mytest.c*

Functions
=========



.. c:function:: object lab_clone(string file)

Clones object from file argument and sends it to LAB room.
The object is returned if cloned successfully.



.. c:function:: object *std_clone(mixed *items)

Clone and return a list of items from *^std/*
If only one of them fails, an empty list is returned.



.. c:function:: int std_clone_move(object ob, mixed items)

Clones a list of items and moves them to ob.
Returns true if all cloned and moved successfully, otherwise false.



.. c:function:: varargs int inv_do(object who, string doo, string what, string check, int fail_on)

Object ``who`` does ``do what``, e.g. troll does ``wear hat``.
Function does a call_other to the ``what`` in inventory for function ``check``.
Result of call_other will fail if value is fail_on.

Example:

.. code-block:: c

   inv_do(troll, "wield", "axe", "query_wielding", 0);

Troll wields axe, and if ``axe->query_wielding() == 0`` we fail.

If check is set to "gone", the test will return true if the object is gone.



.. c:function:: varargs void add_test_true(string desc, function f, mixed args)

Add a test to the queue that should return a value evaluating to true.
 
.. code-block:: c

    add_test_true("Unwield longsword", ( : check_unwield, "sword" :));
    add_test_true("Dualwield longsword", ( : check_dualwield, "longsword" :));



.. c:function:: varargs void add_test_fail(string desc, function f, mixed args)

Add a test to the queue that should return a value evaluating to true.
 
.. code-block:: c

    add_test_fail("Wield greataxe", ( : check_wield, "axe" :));
    add_test_fail("Wield longsword", ( : check_wield, "longsword" :));



.. c:function:: void run_tests()

Run all the tests added and report results.



.. c:function:: void stat_me()

Prints output about the test_suite. ``@./std/tests/horse->stat_me()`` e.g.


*File generated by LIMA reStructured Text daemon.*
