misc
*****

Documentation for the simul_efun-misc api in */secure/simul_efun/misc.c*.

Functions
=========
.. c:function:: string call_trace()

returns the stack of objects and functions


.. c:function:: mixed *clean_array(mixed *r)

returns a version of the passed array with duplicate
entries removed.  Eg, clean_array(({1,2,2}))  => ({1,2})


.. c:function:: string *rev_explode(string arr_in, string delim)

returns a reversable explode, because sometimes this has a desired
effect.  This sefun requires SANE_EXPLODE_STRING to work properly
but the mudlib already requires that anyway.


.. c:function:: int cmp(mixed a, mixed b)

returns whether its two arguments are equivalent.  This is about
the same as using the equivalence operator (==), but will return true
in cases where == does not, such as when comparing 2 arrays.
Logically 2 arrays should be equivalent, but aren't with ==.
cmp knows they are.  This is mainly useful when you want to compare
mappings and arrays.


.. c:function:: mixed insert(mixed to_insert, mixed into_array, int where)

Inserts the contents of the array of the first argument into
The array in the second argument before the nth element of the array,
where n is the 3rd argument passed to insert.
Rust hacked at this to make it a bit more intuitive...


.. c:function:: varargs mixed eval(string arg, string includefile)

evaluates the string s as an LPC value.  Eg, if you have a string
someonetyped in: "({1,2,3,4})"  eval returns the actual array
({1,2,3,4}).


.. c:function:: mixed *decompose(mixed *org)

Takes any arrays that are elements in arr and merges
all of its elements as elements of arr.  Eg, decompose(({1,({2,3,}),4}))
will return: ({1,2,3,4}).  The algorithm is not recursive, so if any of
the arrays have arrays in them, those arrays remain intact.  Eg,
decompose( ({1,({({2,3}),4}),5}) )  returns:({1,({2,3}),4,5}).
See flatten_array for a recursive version.


.. c:function:: mixed choice(mixed f)

Returns a random element of the structure passed, if that
 is an aggregate type (i.e., A string, array or mapping).


.. c:function:: mixed element_of_weighted(mapping data)

Returns a property from a mapping weighted by its value.
The higher the weight (value), the more likely it will be returned.
EXAMPLE:
  element_of_weighted( ([ "element1" : 10, "element2" : 5 ]) )
Return value will more likely be "element1" due to its higher weight.


.. c:function:: mixed min(mixed f)

Returns the smallest element of an aggregate type (string, array,
or mapping).


.. c:function:: mixed max(mixed f)

Returns the largest element of a structure that is a string,
array or mapping.


.. c:function:: int clamp(int x, int low, int high)

Take a value and makes sure it is between the low and high parameters.


.. c:function:: mixed flatten_array(mixed arr)

Takes an array that may contain arrays, and reduces all
arrays so that the result is a one dimensional array


.. c:function:: void call_out_chain(mixed *funcs, int delay, mixed *args...)

Does a call_out to a list of functions, one following
another, with each returning the delay till the next one is called.


.. c:function:: mixed *sort_by_value(mixed arr, function value_func)

mixed sort_by_value(mixed arr, function) returns the *arr sorted in such
a way that the elements are in increasing order, as defined by the
value of the function f


.. c:function:: string pround(float f, int p)

Preceision round a float into a string with a specific number of decimals.
Example:

    pround(3.14152526,4) -> "3.1415"


.. c:function:: object *nnew(int count, string file, string args...)

Clone a number of the same files with the same arguments and return them.
Example:

    nnew(3,"/domains/std/consumable/beer")->move(this_body());



*File generated by Lima 1.1a3 reStructured Text daemon.*
