Command *wiz_people*
*********************

Documentation for the wiz_people command in */cmds/wiz/people.c*.

Command
=======

syntax: ``people [flags]``

Shows a list of players and associated info, with the flags determining
which players and info are included

Instead of calling the cmd with flags you can do:
``set people_flags [flags]`` the flags that you appoint will be automatically
 used as your default arguments when the command is called.

ex:
``set people_flags hpnI``
or
``people hpnI``

The available flags are as follows.
 | --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 |  W -This flag will show wizards only. It will not print anything, it just
 |    filters the users and removes anyone without wizard status.
 |  P -This flag shows players only. Another filter, this command just removes
 |    any wizards from the who list.
 |  A -This flag shows admins (demigods or Gods) only.
 |  D -This flag adds an informative line of info triggered by other flags, fex.
 |    if your command supports the 'W' flag the info line would print:
 |    'Wizards only'
 |    -----------------------------------------~
 |    <list of wizards>
 |    -----------------------------------------~

 |    above the list of all the wizards logged on.
 |  h -Huge header. Lists mudname and time on a header 3 lines wide. Automatically
 |    appended at the top of the list.
 |  H -Small header. List mudname and time on a header 1 line wide. Automatically
 |    appended to the top of the list.
 |  l -level of player
 |  n -Prints the users login name without titles.
 |  t -Prints the users name and title.
 |  p -Prints positions, God, Avatar, Demigod, player, ect.

 |  -WIZARD ONLY FLAGS-
 |  -------------------------------------------------------------------------
 |  w -Prints brief description of the users enviroment.
 |  f -Prints filename of the users environment.
 |  a -Prints either player, wizard or admin titles only.
 |  u -Prints username of body.
 |  i -Prints idle times of people logged on.
 |  I -Prints IP/hostnames of people logged on.
 |  F -Prints an 'I' if a person is idle, and an 'E' if the person is editing.

.. TAGS: RST



*File generated by Lima 1.1a3 reStructured Text daemon.*
