**************
Daemon task_d
**************

Documentation for the task_d daemon in */daemons/task_d.c*.

Functions
=========



.. c:function:: nomask string query_title(string task_id)

Return the title for a given task.



.. c:function:: nomask string query_description(string task_id)

Return the description for a given task.



.. c:function:: nomask string query_owner(string task_id)

Return the owner of a given task.



.. c:function:: nomask string query_creation_time(string task_id)

Return the creation time of a given task.



.. c:function:: nomask string query_status(string task_id)

Return the status of a given task.



.. c:function:: nomask mixed query_attribute(string task_id, string attr)

Return a particular attribute of the specified task.



.. c:function:: nomask mixed query_attributes(string task_id)

Return all attributes of the specified task.



.. c:function:: nomask mixed *query_sub_tasks(string task_id)

Return the sub-tasks for a given task.



.. c:function:: nomask void set_title(string task_id, string title)

Set the title of a given task.



.. c:function:: nomask void set_description(string task_id, string desc)

Set the description of a given task.



.. c:function:: nomask void set_owner(string task_id, string owner)

Set the owner of a given task.



.. c:function:: nomask void set_status(string task_id, string status)

Set the status of a given task.



.. c:function:: nomask void set_attribute(string task_id, string attr, mixed val)

Set an attribute of a given task.



.. c:function:: nomask void remove_attribute(string task_id, string attr)

Remove an attribute of a given task.



.. c:function:: nomask void clear_attributes(string task_id)

Clear all attributes of a given task.



.. c:function:: nomask private int check_completed(mixed *task_list)

Recursively check an array of tasks and
return 1 if they are all completed, 0 otherwise.



.. c:function:: nomask mixed complete_task(string task_id)

Change status of a task to "completed".
Only possible if all sub-tasks are also completed.



.. c:function:: nomask private *find_task(string task_id)

Given a task id, traverse the task array
and return the specified task, or 0 if error.



.. c:function:: nomask string resolve_parent_id(string task_id)

Given a task id, extract the parent id.
Returns "0" for a top-level task.



.. c:function:: nomask mixed *query_task(string task_id)

Return a copy of the specified task.



.. c:function:: varargs nomask mixed *query_tasks(string task_id)

Return a copy of the tasks array.



.. c:function:: string add_task(string parent_id, string title, string description, string who)

Add a new task below the specified parent task.
Returns the task id of the new task.



.. c:function:: mixed *remove_task(string task_id)

Remove the specified task.


*File generated by LIMA reStructured Text daemon.*
