*******************
Module *m_actions*
*******************

Documentation for the m_actions module in */std/modules/m_actions.c*.

Functions
=========



.. c:function:: void set_delay_time(int x)

void set_delay_time(int);
Sets the amount of time between possible actions. The minimum value
is 5, which is default and is fine for most situations. For a large
number of action objects, increasing this number (and increasing the
chance that an action can be executed at the same time) could be
beneficial.



.. c:function:: void do_game_command(string str)

Emulates handling of emotes and player commands for NPCs that inherit this
module.  E.g. do_game_command("wield sword").  do_game_command("smile hap*").



.. c:function:: void respond(string str)

Does a command [using do_game_command] after a small delay.  This is the
best way to have NPCs react to events, as a slight delay makes it a bit
more believable, and also if you do things immediately, the action may
PRECEDE the thing you are responding to.  Example: Troll which attacks
anyone who says 'foo'.  I say 'foo', you and the troll are in the room.
If the message is delivered to the troll before you, the troll will attack
me BEFORE the message gets to you.



.. c:function:: void set_actions(int delay, string *actions)

protected void set_actions(int chance, string *actions);
This function sets a list of actions and a delay,
and chooses one to be executed time each time that delay elapses.
This function should only be called from within setup().


*File generated by LIMA reStructured Text daemon.*
