********************
Module *m_gettable*
********************

Documentation for the m_gettable module in */std/modules/m_gettable.c*.

Functions
=========



.. c:function:: void set_getmsg( string s )

set_getmsg(s) sets the error message that one gets when one tries to take
an object.



.. c:function:: string query_getmsg()

query_getmsg() returns the error message that one gets when one tries to take
an object.



.. c:function:: void set_gettable( mixed g )

set_gettable(1) makes an object gettable, while set_gettable(0) makes
it not gettable.  If a function or string is passed, this has the
same effect as calling set_getmsg().



.. c:function:: mixed get()

Do some checks before getting an object.  Returns 1 if successful,
otherwise 0 or a string error message. 



.. c:function:: void set_dropmsg( string s )

Set the error message that one gets when one tries to drop an object



.. c:function:: string query_dropmsg()

returns the error message one gets when one tries to drop an object.



.. c:function:: void set_droppable( int g )

set_droppable(1) makes an object droppable, while set_droppable(0) makes
it not droppable.  If a function or string is passed, this has the
same effect as calling set_dropmsg().



.. c:function:: mixed drop()

Do some checks before dropping an object.  Returns 1 if successful,
otherwise 0 or a string error message. 



.. c:function:: int is_gettable()

return one if an object can be taken.

.. note:: hmm, are these necessary?  I think hook evaluation uses an evaluate (line 14)
.. note:: anyway... (line 15)

*File generated by reStructured Text daemon.*
