********************
Module *m_wearable*
********************

Documentation for the m_wearable module in */std/modules/m_wearable.c*.

Functions
=========



.. c:function:: void set_stat_mods(mapping m)

Sets the scores to modify a stat with for this wearable.
function.

 set_stat_mods((["int":2,"dex":-2]));



.. c:function:: void set_stat_mod(int b)

Sets the score to modify a stat with for this wearable.
See also set_stat_bonus which is needed in tandem with this
function.

 set_stat_mod(2);
 set_stat_bonus("int");



.. c:function:: int query_stat_mod()

Query the stat modification set on this wearable. See also
set_stat_mod() and set_stat_bonus().



.. c:function:: void set_stat_bonus(string s)

Set the stat that the bonus should applied to. On nuke
the following stats are supported:
 - str, dex, int, con, cha.
See also query_stat_bonus and set_stat_mod.



.. c:function:: string query_stat_bonus()

Returns the stat that this wearable provides a bonus to.
See also set_stat_bonus for legal stats and set_stat_mod
which is required in tandom with set_stat_bonus() calls.

 set_stat_mod(2);
 set_stat_bonus("int");



.. c:function:: void set_wearmsg(string s)

Set the message used when an object is worn.



.. c:function:: string query_wearmsg()

Return the message given when an object is used.



.. c:function:: void set_slot(string which)

Set the bodyslot that the wearable object takes up.



.. c:function:: string query_slot()

Return the bodyslot the wearable object takes up.



.. c:function:: void set_also_covers(string *s...)

Set string or an an array of other limbs that this armour piece
also covers.

 set_also_covers("left foot");
 (If you're doing a pair of boots)



.. c:function:: void set_worn(int g)

set_worn(1) causes an object to become worn.  set_worn(0) removes it.



.. c:function:: int is_wearable()

Returns 1 for wearables.


*File generated by LIMA reStructured Text daemon.*
