*******************
Module *m_widgets*
*******************

Documentation for the m_widgets module in */std/modules/m_widgets.c*.

Functions
=========



.. c:function:: nomask int i_simplify()

Returns TRUE if the current user (not the object receiving the message!)
has simplify turned on.



.. c:function:: nomask int i_emoji()

Returns TRUE if the current user (not the object receiving the message!)
has emojis turned on.



.. c:function:: int uses_unicode()

Returns true if the user is using a unicode theme.



.. c:function:: int default_user_width()

Returns the user screen width -2 chars.



.. c:function:: string on_off_widget(int on)

[On ] (green) or [Off] (red) depending on int on.
"On " or "Off" for simplified view.



.. c:function:: varargs string simple_divider(int width)

Prints a simple divider either using unicode or not, depending on user settings.



.. c:function:: string green_bar(int value, int max, int width)

A bar that is green with white dots when spent



.. c:function:: string critical_bar(int value, int max, int width)

A bar that change colour the lower it gets



.. c:function:: string reverse_critical_bar(int value, int max, int width)

A bar that change colour the lower it gets



.. c:function:: string slider_red_green(int value, int max, int width)

A slider which is red below the middle and green above, and marks the
value with a X. 0 is the middle and max is minus on red axis and + on green axis.



.. c:function:: string slider_colours_sum(int value, mapping colours, int width)

A slider with multiple colours and cumulative ranges and a marker.
The colours mapping should be on the format:
  ([20:"040",50:"041",100:"042"])
where each number is bigger and strings are ANSI colours.


*File generated by LIMA reStructured Text daemon.*
