Module *modules_m_frame*
*************************

Documentation for the modules_m_frame module in */std/modules/m_frame.c*.

Module Information
==================

This module creates fancy and colourful frames using unicode characters
and 256 colour based from XTERM256_D.

.. TAGS: RST

Functions
=========
.. c:function:: int colour_strlen(string str)

Gives the length of the visible portion of s.  Colour
codes (e.g. %^GREEN%^ <123>) are ignored.


.. c:function:: string use_colour(string *cols, int position, int width)

Returns the colour in the colour array, cols, to use given the position
out of the width (typically screen width).


.. c:function:: void set_style(string t)

Set a specific style if it exists.


.. c:function:: string *query_frame_colour_themes()

Returns a list of the frame colour themes available. The list is sorted alphabetically.


.. c:function:: int valid_theme(string t)

Checks if string ``t`` is a valid theme, and returns 1 if it is, otherwise 0.


.. c:function:: string *query_frame_styles()

Returns all the implemented frame styles.


.. c:function:: void set_frame_left_header()

Sets the frame into a mode where the header is not shown at the top,
but shown at the left side.


.. c:function:: string title(mixed t)

Sets the title of the frame.


.. c:function:: string accent(mixed t)

Takes a string and applies the accent colour to it.


.. c:function:: string raw_accent()

Returns the raw accent colour, i.e. the XXX number triplet.


.. c:function:: string warning(mixed t)

Takes a string and applies the warning colour to it.


.. c:function:: void set_frame_title(string s)

Sets the frame title. Big surprise.


.. c:function:: void set_width(int w)

Sets the width of the frame. Minimum is 10, maximum is 1000. Other values will be capped.


.. c:function:: void set_title_margin(int hm)

Sets the margin for the title. It's the space between the frame and the title.


.. c:function:: void set_text_margin(int tm)

Set the text margin.


.. c:function:: void frame_init_user()

Init the frame based on the user settings. This is normally always called before
the rendering to set the frame up correctly. See most commands using frames.


.. c:function:: void set_frame_header(string hc)

Set the frame header, works both vertically and horizontally.


.. c:function:: void set_frame_footer(string fc)

Sets the frame footer.


.. c:function:: void set_frame_content(string c)

This is the main function to call for the main content of
the frame.


.. c:function:: void set_frame_hcolours(string *hc)

Inject the colour array raw into the frame. Don't call this unless you've read the source code
for M_FRAME.


.. c:function:: void set_theme(string t)

Sets the frame theme.


.. c:function:: string query_frame_title(string theme)

Returns the frame title.


.. c:function:: string query_frame_accent(string theme)

Returns the frame accent colour given ``theme``.


.. c:function:: string query_frame_warning(string theme)

Returns the frame warning colour given ``theme``.


.. c:function:: string frame_demo_string(string theme, int w)

Returns a simple demo string.


.. c:function:: string frame_colour_demo(string style, string colour, int w)

Do a frame colour demo using ``style`` using ``colour`` in width ``w``.


.. c:function:: string frame_render()

Renders the final frame into a string for printing.


TODO list
=========

1. Styles and colours are hardcoded in here, and should be moved to admtool toolor a config file.


*File generated by Lima 1.1a3 reStructured Text daemon.*
