Module *m_damage_source*
*************************

Documentation for the modules-m_damage_source module in */std/modules/m_damage_source.c*.

.. c:function:: int query_must_dual_wield()

Returns 1 if the weapon must be dual wielded.


.. c:function:: int query_can_dual_wield()

Returns 1 if this weapon can be dual wielded.


.. c:function:: void set_can_dual_wield(int x)

Adds the property "versatile" to the weapon, and marks it
as a weapon that can be wielded in both left, right, and both hands.
Properties like "versatile" can be seen in the ``equip`` command.


.. c:function:: string *query_damage_type()

Returns a string array of the damage types the weapon
can cause.


.. c:function:: int query_to_hit_bonus(object target)

Queries the direct bonus chance to hit adversaries.


.. c:function:: void set_to_hit_bonus(int x)

Sets a direct bonus chance to hit adversaries. If a weapon
has a positive to hit bonus, it receives the property "precise".
If it receives a negative bonus it receives the property "imprecise".
Properties can be seen in the ``equip`` command.


.. c:function:: void set_disarm_bonus(int x)

Sets a direct bonus chance to disarm adversaries.


.. c:function:: int query_damage_bonus(object target)

Queries the direct damage bonus on adversaries.


.. c:function:: void set_damage_type(string *str...)

Sets the damage type or types a weapon uses. The damage
types should be one one of the ones returned by:
``DAMAGE_D->query_damage_types()``.


.. c:function:: void set_combat_messages(string type)

Set the set of combat messages which are used by default


.. c:function:: void set_combat_message(string type, string msg)

Set a single combat message, removing the existing one(s)


.. c:function:: mixed query_combat_message(string type)

Returns the combat message for a given type


.. c:function:: void add_combat_message(string type, string msg)

Adds another combat message to the damage source.

add_combat_message("miss","$N $vmiss completely, $n seems drunk.");


.. c:function:: void replace_combat_message(string type, string msg)

Replace any other messages with this message

replace_combat_message("miss","$N $vmiss completely, $n seems drunk.");



*File generated by Lima 1.1a4 reStructured Text daemon.*
