Module *m_follow*
******************

Documentation for the modules-m_follow module in */std/modules/m_follow.c*.

Module Information
==================


Module designed to allow objects to follow other moving objects.
This module requires functionality from M_SMARTMOVE, M_TRIGGERS and
M_ACTIONS.

.. TAGS: RST

Functions
=========
.. c:function:: void set_follow_search(mixed *follow...)

Set the names of the objects that the object will follow.
Allowable arguments are strings, objects or function pointers.
Strings must be an id of the object which you want to have
followed.
If a function pointer is used it must return a string, object
or an array of objects and strings.  An argument of this_object
is passed to the function pointer.


.. c:function:: void add_follow_search(mixed *follow...)

Add names to the list of objects that the object will follow
See set_follow_search


.. c:function:: void remove_follow_search(mixed *follow...)

Remove names from the list of objects that the object will follow


.. c:function:: void clear_follow_search()

Clears the search array for following


.. c:function:: string *query_follow_search()

Returns a list of the follow strings that the object will follow


.. c:function:: void set_follow(object what)

Set the follow that the object will follow


.. c:function:: void clear_follow()

Clear the follow that's the object will follow


.. c:function:: object query_follow()

Returns the follow object which the object is currently following


.. c:function:: int is_following()

Returns 1 if the object is currently following another object


.. c:function:: void acquire_follow()

If there is no current follow, or the current follow is not present.
The new follow is determined by the follow_search
: TODO
perhaps add something to allow weighted choices for follows?


.. c:function:: int is_potential_follow(object ob)

Return 1 if the object is a potential follow to follow


TODO list
=========

1. 1.) Target selection could be made smarter than it is.2.) Add a hook call to prevent following?


*File generated by Lima 1.1a3 reStructured Text daemon.*
