Module *m_bodystats*
*********************

Documentation for the modules-m_bodystats module in */std/modules/m_bodystats.c*.

Module Information
==================

bodystats.c -- body statistics (characteristics)

This module should be inherited into anything requiring physical
statistics/characteristics.  Typically, this will be used by a
player's body, or an NPC.

Stat values have the range: [0,100].  Typical values:

	10	Joe Human
	20	Newbie Hero (average value at character creation time)
	50	Mid-level experience
	80	Master/high-level
	90	History will remember you
	95	Frightening
	100	Pure god-like status

Statistics have a number of basic values which are "rolled" at
character creation time.  These differentiate starting characters
from one another.

	Strength:	physical stature, power, brute force
		Weakling vs. strong/powerful

	Agility:	body control, speed, flexibility
		Uncoordinated vs. excellent control

	Intelligence:	inherent capability for learning
		Dumb vs. smart/capable

	Willpower:	drive, stamina
		Unmotivated vs. driven/fanatical

A good number of statistics are derived from the base statistics.

	Constitution:	physical/mental stamina, sturdiness
		Elf vs. dwarf

	Wisdom:		collected knowledge
		Naive vs. wise

	Charisma:	natural attraction, leadership, persuasion
		Nobody vs. great leader/speaker

 Mana:   intellectual capacity, magic ability, reflex
     Distraught vs. Contemplative Guru

.. TAGS: RST

Functions
=========
.. c:function:: void refresh_stats()

refresh_stats() recalculates all the stats and requery's all the bonuses.
Combat calls this once a round.  If you are using stats in a non-combat
setting, you might want to call this first.


.. c:function:: nomask void init_stats()

Rolls the stats for the first time, based on the proper racial adjustments.
Admins can call this to reinitialize a player's stats (for example, in the
case of abysmally horrific (near minimum) rolls.



*File generated by Lima 1.1a3 reStructured Text daemon.*
